Add preprocess module (#2)
WayScience/mitocheck_data: 1.preprocess_data/README.md

# 1. Preprocess Movies

In this module, we present our pipline for preprocessing mitosis movies.

### A. Quality Control

> Mitosis movies were pre-preprocessed by Mitocheck in a two-step quality control procedure based on automatic and manual inspection of data (see [quality control](https://static-content.springer.com/esm/art%3A10.1038%2Fnature08869/MediaObjects/41586_2010_BFnature08869_MOESM58_ESM.pdf) section of original paper's methods for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We pre-preprocessed the Mitocheck mitosis movies in a two-step quality control procedure based on automatic and manual inspection of data (see [quality control](https://static-content.springer.com/esm/art%3A10.1038%2Fnature08869/MediaObjects/41586_2010_BFnature08869_MOESM58_ESM.pdf) section of original paper's methods for more details).
```

When writing, please use [active and not passive voice](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/active-vs-passive-voice/).

> This procedure was applied before the movies were uploaded to IDR and thus the downloaded data only includes data that has been pre-preprocessed by MitoCheck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We applied this procedure to the movies on IDR ([idr0013](https://idr.openmicroscopy.org/webclient/?show=screen-1101)).
Therefore, we did not use the MitoCheck pre-preprocessed data, or those that failed original quality control (MitoCheck didn't upload these data).
```

Is this accurate? I'm trying to switch to active voice, but also retain your meaning.

Author: I think the changes in https://github.com/WayScience/mitocheck_data/pull/2/commits/deed67ec5fabecc088aaef8524c2511ed1a5c18e resolve this confusion.

> We discard well A1 from each plate, as each of these wells had an irregular illumination function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We discard well A1 from each plate, as each of these wells had irregular illumination. 
```

Is this what you mean? I'm not sure what illumination function means in this context.

(perfect active vs. passive voice tho 😄 )

> ![Illumination Functions](images/illumination_functions.png "Illumination Functions")

Reviewer: This is beautiful 🤩

**Figure 1**: *Illumination function of an A1 well (left) vs a typical illumination function (right).*

While a typical microscopy illumination function involves vignetting in the image (as demonstrated in every well besides A1), this was not the case for any A1 well that was manually inspected (figure 1).

> This irregular illumination function led to errors in illumination correction later in preprocessing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By removing well A1, we avoided downstream processing errors.
```

### B. Illumination Correction 

We use the BaSiC method for illumination correction of each well.
BaSiC was first introduced in [Peng, T., Thorn, K., Schroeder, T. et al., 2017](https://doi.org/10.1038/ncomms14836) and we use the [BaSiCPy implementation](https://github.com/peng-lab/BaSiCPy).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Removing extra space

In the future we hope to implement a newer method of illumination correction introduced in [Peng, T et al., 2020](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-59722-1_17) once this method is [made available in python](https://github.com/peng-lab/BaSiCPy/issues/65).

## Step 1: Install PyImageJ

> We use [PyImageJ](https://github.com/imagej/pyimagej) to read data from the raw CH5 movies downloaded from IDR. Follow the instructions at [pyimagej/install](https://github.com/imagej/pyimagej/blob/master/doc/Install.md) to install PyImageJ. We use the pip installation method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [PyImageJ](https://github.com/imagej/pyimagej) to read data from the raw CH5 movies downloaded from IDR.
Follow the instructions at [pyimagej/install](https://github.com/imagej/pyimagej/blob/master/doc/Install.md) to install PyImageJ.
We use the pip installation method.
```

one-sentence-per-line

## Step 2: Install Fiji

> PyImageJ needs to use be initialized with [FIJI](https://imagej.net/software/fiji/) to be able to read CH5 files. Download FIJI from the [downloads page](https://imagej.net/software/fiji/downloads) and install the Fiji.app folder into the 1.preprocesss_data module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

PyImageJ needs to use be initialized with [FIJI](https://imagej.net/software/fiji/) to be able to read CH5 files.
Download FIJI from the [downloads page](https://imagej.net/software/fiji/downloads) and install the Fiji.app folder into the 1.preprocesss_data module.
```

## Step 3: Install PyBaSiC

> Clone the repository with 

Reviewer: In which folder? Anywhere?

Author: ```suggestion
Clone the repository into 1.preprocess_data/ with 
```
